how do I how do I receive let your body
just show you the exact go in the exact
opposite
[Laughter]
direction during this coaching session
which happened during one of our public
q&as I'm working with somebody who's
trying to find their purpose and like so
many people have spent years trying to
find their purpose and they get to
Clarity in a very unexpected way all
right enjoy the session and I'm sure
you're going to get a ton out of it I've
been really struggling for many many
years with uh finding out what is it
that I really want to do and I have
tried many different things and I don't
seem to uh wait wait what makes it a
struggle a struggle is so the thing is I
try different things and then I don't
find something that I can fully no no no
I'm asking what what what makes it a I
don't know what I'm going to say to you
next but it's not a
struggle what what makes it a
struggle I live the things and that
causes me
pain you live the things that you're not
sure you want like you run the
experiment of what maybe I want to do
this you run the experiment and that
causes you
pain yes and
disruption and disruption
so feel like in your body feel what it
is to like go out and try to find the
thing you're meant to do just feel like
that what that yeah great now I want you
to feel what it is to receive the same
information with the one you're giving
me or the one of the or the what you
what you're supposed to do with your
life or purpose or whatever that if I
would find the answer or when I don't
find the answer
no just to receive just to instead of
going out and looking see what it's like
to actually just assume it's coming
towards you and your job is just to
receive
[Laughter]
it yeah it's um it's very makes me want
to cry laugh and my Palms get sweaty all
at the same time yeah
yeah what what do you make of that what
makes you what
makes that emotional response be
there wow I guess
uh so difficult to believe it's true
yeah yeah it's
fighting to be
received okay you see like as you said
that I felt the emotion went away and I
just felt this wall you know it was just
like that's that's what you're looking
all that looking that you're doing to
find your thing that is a wall that
prevents it from coming
in how do I how do I
receive how did you just receive how'
you do
it this is another wall this is you
saying oh no I don't want to actually
have that level of
fulfillment right now I just felt I had
no other choice but to
receive yeah so great that's how you do
it okay I feel like I don't know how I
just you just did it you ju it just hit
you just smiled you had that same thing
the tears of just happened and then you
told me you don't know
how you've now done it twice it feels it
feels too easy that that would be the
answer yeah I know
right and then there's a ton of
grief over the fact that that's been
there the whole
time and you've been wasting your energy
struggling
okay uh I'm going to no yeah
suggest so so instead of thinking about
it like as a word receiving for just a
minute just see what it is to to look
like the feeling of like I'm looking for
my
purpose I have to find it what's the
thing I'm supposed to be doing and just
feel that emotional situation in your
body right yeah and now without even
thinking about anything just feel the
exact opposite let your body just show
you the exact go in the exact opposite
[Laughter]
direction wow
okay thank you oh my goodness I adore
you thank you very much thank you so
much byee